Hey, Secretary Zhu, forget the first two
This third gift
Li Jia doesn't deserve our pride, right?
Did you know
This is an emergency order from the board
You don't need to go through any process.
Is Li Jia a big shot?
If I could also climb Hengyuan
Can also rise step by step
It's me, I'll arrange the fleet now
Pull your hand away
Don't get my clothes dirty
You rubbish
How dare you push me
Baili Crane will have it
It's your Sun family that doesn't deserve to steal my marriage
How dare you tell our Li family to say goodbye
Brother Li told this garbage
Who doesn't deserve it?
Don't be ignorant
Li An, he is not worthy of our snow celery.
How could I possibly marry him?
Speak up, I offended his in-laws
He doesn't deserve to hum
You like to press people with things, right?
Would you marry this kind of garbage?
A useless piece of junk
The trash that can't even make money for this meal in his life
No, he doesn't deserve it at all
I would like it or not
Hear that? Trash
You don't deserve it.
You're just a cow
Unworthy to marry and have children
No one will marry you again who said no one
Who says he doesn't deserve it?